ESQL: supplement docs on LIMIT (#125839)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/esql/limitations.md

The upper limit only applies to the number of rows that are output by the query, not to the number of documents it processes: the query runs on the full data set.

Consider the following two queries:
```esql
FROM index | WHERE field0 == "value" | LIMIT 20000
```
and
```esql
FROM index | STATS AVG(field1) BY field2 | LIMIT 20000
```

In both cases, the filtering by `field0` in the first query or the grouping by `field2` in the second is applied over all the documents present in the `index`, irrespective of their number or indexes size. However, both queries will return at most 10,000 rows, even if there were more rows available to return.

The default and maximum limits can be changed using these dynamic cluster settings:

* `esql.query.result_truncation_default_size`
* `esql.query.result_truncation_max_size`

However, doing so involves trade-offs. A larger result-set involves a higher memory pressure and increased processing times; the internode traffic within and across clusters can also increase.

> These limitations are akin those enforced by the [search API](/reference/elasticsearch/rest-apis/paginate-search-results.html#from-and-size-pagination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These limitations are akin those enforced by the [search API for pagination](/reference/elasticsearch/rest-apis/paginate-search-results.md#from-and-size-pagination).
```
